you
well not your boyfriend baby hi two cute
little sex toy come out you're lying or
your tiger what do your nasty little boy
yeah I'm not your boyfriend baby I can't
cry so every wish I'm not your knight in
shining armor so I just leave you with
this kiss you can catch me all this
betray read a three-way shot it with
your plate
are you giving me worried
came with the same shot in a king
oh yes
then you thought you might
deep shit
not your boyfriend baby 92 q little desk
toy why not you're lying or you're tiger
nothin your nasty little boy Wow I'm not
your boyfriend hey there
I can't wait your every wish I'm not
your knight in shining armor so I leave
you with it kiss white these children
learn from cigarette burns fast cars
fast women and she drinks Troy oh this
is fixie ate it self medicated take the
white pill you'll feel all dry children
learn from cigarette burns fast cars
fast women and cheap trick oh this is
fixator self-medicated you can catch me
on the stage for a three-way shot
giving me
with Kate
bank shot
yalta chatted on
you fucking with my feeling and you
talking with my
my hands up on you
fuck you with the best
you
stroller cigarette
fast cars fast women and she James
this is fixed it
didn't check the wine
the line
as far as fast and cheap drinks
you fix it
the white do you feel
cigarette cards
he ate it self medicated take the white
do you feel
Oh
cars
the light no you feel